Remove subscription plugin docs (#3236)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/getting-started.adoc

[[getting-started]]
= Getting Started with Subscriptions

> To get started with subscriptions you need a GraphQL server with subscription capabilities. You can enable them by passing the `subscriptions` feature to `Neo4jGraphQL`:

Reviewer: Usually in docs we put new sentences in a separate line, though they will appear all in a same paragraph on the website

```suggestion
To get started with subscriptions you need a GraphQL server with subscription capabilities. 
You can enable them by passing the `subscriptions` feature to `Neo4jGraphQL`:
```

main();
```

> NOTE: This setup will use the default subscriptions mechanism suitable only for development, testing and single instance servers. If you need to scale horizontally for a production ready application, follow the guide on xref::subscriptions/scaling.adoc[Horizontal scaling].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
This setup will use the default subscriptions mechanism suitable only for development, testing and single instance servers. 
If you need to scale horizontally for a production-ready application, see xref::subscriptions/scaling.adoc[Horizontal scaling].
====
```
